## TutorsHub
It is no secret that students sometimes encounter challenging courses in college. However, for each one of those classes, there are students that ace them. Colleges also want all their students to perform better. This is why we are building TutorsHub, to check this disparity in our classes. On this app, we will utilise a peer-to-peer principle, in which the students who are passionate and proficient in a class can assist those in need of tutoring. It is a win-win situation for all our customers: Student-tutors will be able to monetise their knowledge, Student-learners will be able to get good grades and finally colleges will be happy with the general performance of all their students. It is a viable product because it will perpetually follow the principles of supply and demand. Since students have varying strengths and weaknesses, there will always be a student in need of aid and another student proficient in that area. Moreover, the opportunity to earn an income will also inspire other students to perform well in order to be tutors in the future.
We believe that the system we are employing trumps the standard tutoring system, firstly because we will have an app to streamline the tutoring process. Secondly, the standard tutoring system can be defined as tutoring for students by people who are not students. TutorsHub, on the other hand, is tutoring for students by students. That is our secret; the fact that the entire system is built around students. The fact that our users will mostly be from the similar age groups means that our platform will enjoy more trust and increased activity amongst users than what the standard system can ever offer. With a model like ours, student-learners will be more comfortable when getting aid. Additionally, our proposed model will also give room for student-tutors to be reviewed for their work. Exceptional tutors will be rewarded whereas those who are poor in their service will not enjoy the benefits of the system. This will encourage our tutors to offer the best quality of service at all times.
